Make reply a thenable (#1869)
fastify/fastify: docs/Routes.md

  reply.send(processed)
})
```

If the route is wrapping a callback-based API that will call
`reply.send()` outside of the promise chain, it is possible to `await reply`:

```js
fastify.get('/', options, async function (request, reply) {
  setImmediate(() => {
    reply.send(processed)
  })
  await reply

> })

Reviewer: Can you make this example a little bit more clear? Where is `processed` coming from?

```

Returning reply also works:

```js
fastify.get('/', options, async function (request, reply) {
  setImmediate(() => {
    reply.send(processed)
  })
  return reply
})
```

**Warning:**

> * If both `return value` and `reply.send(value)` at the same time, the first one that happens takes precedence, the second value will be discarded, and a *warn* log will also be emitted because you tried to send a response twice.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* When using both `return value` and `reply.send(value)` at the same time, the first one that happens takes precedence, the second value will be discarded, and a *warn* log will also be emitted because you tried to send a response twice.
```
